# My Research
In the article, “Using e-portfolio for learning goal setting to facilitate self-regulated learning of high school students,” the main point discovered was that when learners have goals made, they acquire higher self-efficacy, interest, work value, and more. As a student, I agree entirely with the article’s main point. When I set clear learning goals, it boosts my confidence in my abilities because there is a clear target I can work towards, makes me more interested in what I’m learning because of my internal desire to want to learn for the purpose of my personal growth and achievement, and lastly, helps me see the importance of my work because I have a personal connection with the goals I make—this sense of ownership makes me value it more because it reflects my choices and aspirations. This, as a result, leads to better learning outcomes. In addition, a portion of the article discussed how if learners do not actively develop self-regulation learning, they may struggle to achieve their learning goals. I can confirm this point is true because I used to struggle with self-regulation learning—experiencing difficulty monitoring my progress, setting goals, and planning well. This led to late assignments, rushed work, and feeling unmotivated to complete schoolwork. 

Chang, C.-C., Liang, C., Chou, P.-N., & Liao, Y.-M. (2018). Using e-portfolio for learning goal setting to facilitate self-regulated learning of high school students. Behaviour & Information Technology, 37(12), 1237–1251. https://doi.org/10.1080/0144929x.2018.1496275 
